APPSEC-56952 - Add notify on update feature (#27972)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/account_takeover_protection.md

Consider blocking compromised users in addition to blocking the attacker.

> You can export the list of compromised or targeted users from a signal by enabling the "notify on update" feature in the notification section of a detection rule condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export a list of compromised or targeted users from a signal, follow these steps. First, go to the notification settings in a detection rule condition. Then add a recipient and turn on “Notify for every new @usr.id detected”. This will allow you to export the list when updates occur.
```

insert screenshot here

> The notification targets defined on the detection rule condition will receive a notification message every time new user ids are seen for that condition. Notification profiles looking for those signals won't be notified on new user id values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notification targets set in the detection rule condition will receive a message whenever new user IDs are detected. However, notification profiles monitoring these signals will not receive alerts for new user IDs.
```

> You can set-up a webhook through Datadog webhook integration to receive the notification payload. Make sure you add the "$SECURITY_SIGNAL_ATTRIBUTES" variable in the payload of the webhook integration. The user ids values will be stored under the "notify_on_update" path of the json payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive targeted and compromised user IDs with a webhook, set up a webhook using the Datadog webhook integration. Be sure to include the ”$SECURITY_SIGNAL_ATTRIBUTES” variable in the webhook payload. The user IDs will be stored under the “notify_on_update” path in the JSON payload.
```
